---
title: Varibles 
layout: post
author: josh.king
permalink: /varibles-/
source-id: 1rlQX-5DOlij3P0diUIhVJMS0eoMMfc2hzzanlUbNqow
published: true
---
Starting point: End of first section

Target for this lesson: To complete second section and second section assessments

Did I reach my target: Yes I did reach my target. 

This lesson I believe that I have learnt more this second lesson using the FUZE box because I had already used the coding program before so setting up was a lot easier and quicker. Also we didn't need to waste time plugging in are USBs to save our work because we figured out a more efficient way. We save all the coding on only one memorystick and then at the end we coppied the work over to the other USB. This allowed us to spend more time working on code.

The main things I learnt was how to use variables effectively. I think that knowledge will help me dramatically in my future of coding. Again I think if one person reads ahead while the other one types will allow m to learn quicker because often the typing can be slow. A habit which I could work on would be that I should pay more attention to fine detail so I don't make silly mistake but also so if I reach a hard part I can understand it.

Next time I will improve my learning by thinking ahead so progress is constantly made. I will hopefully ensure that each step of work is recorded and saved so that we can go back to it in the future if we need to recap on a specific piece of coding. I aim to complete more assesment and be less dependent on step by step instruction. By going back and looking at previously done work would allow me to understand code better. This means that when the time comes at an end of a section it'll mean I can comfortably carry out what has been asked of me.

 

