---
title: Blog post 13
layout: post
author: navlad266
permalink: /-blog-post-13-/
source-id: 1Aq-0mcMbjF5uYKRxrqzCR6q13EgXp-AyNbLEXQe03x0
published: true
---
**Starting point-**Not knowing anything about python

**Target-Finish-**Learn the basics of python

**Did I reach my target?-**yes

**Lesson Review**

**How did I learn? What strategies were effective? **

What I learnt from today's lesson was that with the new python coding it is going to be hard but I must keep trying as even though I am not familiar with the processes I can still do the work eventually. I just have to keep working and trying and if I follow these simple rules I can definitely do coding for python.I also learnt that if someone else is stuck I should not just give them the answers. I can give them clues but not do it for them.

**What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?**

There wasn't really much that I did wrong, it’s just that sometimes I felt like asking my partner for the answers but I have to just try and get on the work by myself. No matter how tricky the work is, along as I keep trying I will be able to get to the answer eventually.

**What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?**

By applying this to my learning this will make sure that when I am working or my friend is we will both be doing as much leaning as possible because we won't be doing the work for each other although we realize we can help each other and point each other in the right direction which will help both of our learning.

