---
title: Blog post 12
layout: post
author: navlad266
permalink: /-blog-post-12-/
source-id: 1BCldT_5-2z053nqY7-krloQK4zUKQBlaUAzbbcUGYrc
published: true
---
**Starting point- **Giving up easily

**Target-** To become more resilient

**Did I reach my target?- **yes

**Lesson Review**

**How did I learn? What strategies were effective?**

I think what helped me learn was the fact that when I watched the video I had to really had to understand how upset the boy in the video we watched could not jump over the box and how he wanted to give up but he kept going and persevered and eventually he made it over the box. This shows that just because something is hard it does not mean it is impossible but it is achievable, You just have to keep trying. And also it was good how the classmates cheered for him on each attempt which shows if someone gets something wrong it doesn't help them by laughing at them and with support things are much easier  and helps me not just when I am struggling with something but also when one of my friends are.

**What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?**

Now that I have watched this video I really should make sure that I try to not give up in the future and give hard things lots of attempts, because I do understand the point of the video and I do agree with the fact that it is promoting that people don't give up and I think if I can apply that to my learning it will help me overcome challenges in the future.

**What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?**

I will have to think about the boy in the video trying to make it over the box and apply his skills of not giving up towards my learning.

