---
title: Blog post 17
layout: post
author: navlad266
permalink: /-blog-post-17-/
source-id: 1-5vwcIIz4nUtqLBCOntLqm-UgYa6Q8ltgEelTNsSHe0
published: true
---
**Starting point-**19% through the python exercises

**Target-**To get 22% through the exercises

**Did I reach my target?-**Yes

**Lesson Review**

**How did I learn? What strategies were effective? **

In today's lesson what went well I think was noticing small things that went wrong with code wand had to really pay attention as when I was working some small things like spaces and capital letters I got wrong and this ruined my code and I had to fix these to get further in the work but this required a lot of focus and making sure that I was always focused as theses mistake were easy to fix and really I should not have made them in the very first place.

**What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?**

I think to get better at coding I need to stop talking to friends as when Mr Keen caught us talking he was not very happy when he realised it was not work related and he was angry. I do see what I did wrong and I realised that I cannot get distracted from my work. However, if I rectify this I think not only will this keep me out of trouble but I will get more work done in the future too.

**What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?**

So in my future work I need to stop getting distracted by friends and stay focuses on the given task to get more work done and to not get in trouble which I think will hugely benefit me.

